# Pkm
A Tkinter Python GUI for adding and defining relationships between custom pokemon typings. By default the program will load the base pokemon typing and effictivenesses from base_pokemon_type_config.json and populate the type chart with those. From there you can add new types by inputting the name in the text input box and hitting enter. To remove a typing you can click the row or column header with the type's name. From there a prompt will appear asking if you are sure you want to delete the typing. Once you say you do, the typing is removed. The vertical axis on the type chart shows the attacking type and the horizontal the defending type. E.G. Where the Fire row and Water column intercept shows how effective a Fire type move would be against a Water type Pokemon. You can click on the intercept to cycle through possible effectivenesses (1.0x, 0.5x, 2.0x, 0.0x). When a new type is added, it is initialized as the "?" effectiveness to indicate that the relationship between the intecepting types has yet to be defined. Click into it to begin cycling through the possible effectivenesses. The "?" effctiveness will not reappear and plays a key role in the calculator portion of the code so be sure to only click it when you know the relationship.

To the right is the calculator portion of the program. Up to three types can be selected at the top of the calculator (three since Alpharad's mod "Too Many Types" supports tri-typed pokemon), then press "Calculate". It will then calculate how effective each type defined so far is against the selected type combination. E.G. Inputting Fire/Water/Grass types will show that Poison, Flying, and Rock moves are all 2x effective against a pokemon with that type combination, and list the rest of the effectivenesses as well. If a type does not have its relationship to any of the defending pokemon's typing defined, it will be put in the "?" category.
